hey guys this is Danny with knives plus
welcome to another knives plus walk
around today we're going to be going
over the new Kershaw Emerson
it's the CQC 4k XL so it is the larger
variation this knife is new for 2015
handle here is black g10 it does have a
texture in there so you get a pretty
good grip on it reverse side is a frame
lock stainless steel very sturdy locks
really well in place back here it is
stone washed pretty cool finish pocket
clip is reversible from either to either
side does come with some extra screws
because the so it will actually catch in
this other liner
knife is a pretty heavy very sturdy
knife weight on it is just over six
ounces it's jumped up here on the back a
little bit better grip there for your
thumb thumb disc operation which is
pretty common on all the Emerson designs
all the way back to some of the bench
maids that he used to do a long time ago
does have the emerson wave which is
patented and he uses it on a bunch of
his stuff when this knife is pulled out
of the pocket this actually catches on
the on the seam and opens the blade all
the way up so I really don't even have
to touch the blade if you decide to use
that wave feature blade on this is just
over three and a quarter inches it is a
spear point hollow ground with the
stonewashed finish here and then a flat
satin grind on the top so you kind of
get a two-tone look on this really cool
this knife is imported from China and
blade still on it is going to be the HCR
14 MOV so a decent still it will sharpen
up it's not going to hold an edge
forever but a lot of guys if you can't
get an edge on a knife then it really
doesn't matter how long it will keep a
really neat knife I think that's about
all on this one pick it up and more at
knives plus calm
you